Create creating-ui-illustrations.md (#88)
atolye15/checklist: checklists/creating-ui-illustrations.md

---
title: Creating UI Illustrations
category: Design
date: "2020-03-12"
tags: ['illustrations', 'mood-boarding', 'sketch']

> description: The steps that should be followed by the designer for creating illustration designs to the design projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The steps that should be followed by the designer for creating illustration designs to the projects.
```

> description: The steps that should be followed by the designer for creating illustration designs to the design projects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: The steps that should be followed by the designer for creating an illustration to a project.
```

---

> - [ ] Define the design style   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

- [ ] Define the design style   
```

> You should always keep the current design style of the project, but in some cases there might be no design style ready or you could be starting to a new project. In those cases the first thing you should do is the defining the design style by researching illustration design inspirations for the given project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should always follow the current design style of the project, but in some cases, there might be no design style ready or you might be starting to a new project. In those cases the first thing you should do is the defining the design style by researching illustration design inspirations for the given project. 
```

- [ ] Create a moodboard  
We gather together all the inspiration, usually on a sketch file, and discuss the style with the design team.

- [ ] Draft illustrations  

> After deciding on to the design style with the team. We create drafts of the illustrations, usually on the paper but sometimes we use iPads too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do it after deciding on the design style with the team. We create drafts of the illustrations, usually on the paper but sometimes we use iPads too.
```

> After deciding on to the design style with the team. We create drafts of the illustrations, usually on the paper but sometimes we use iPads too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After deciding on to the design style with the team, we create drafts of the illustrations, usually on the paper but sometimes we use iPads too.
```

- [ ] Get feedback  

> It is always a good idea to take the drafts to non-design persons and gather their feedbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is always a good idea to show the drafts to non-design persons and gather their feedbacks.
```

> It is always a good idea to take the drafts to non-design persons and gather their feedbacks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is always a good idea to show the drafts to non-design people and gather their feedbacks.
```

- [ ] Decide upon the one to go with  

- [ ] Create high-fidelity illustration  

> After agreed upon the design style with the team. It is now time to create high-fidelity illustrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After agreed upon the design style with the team it is now time to create high-fidelity illustrations.
```
